Please read the following statements regarding the research consent form:

1. I consent to participate in this project, the details of which have been explained to me, and I have been provided with a written plain language statement to keep.
2. I understand that the purpose of this research is to investigate factors influencing programmers’ acceptance of machine-generated codes.
3. I understand that my participation in this project is for research purposes only.
4. I acknowledge that the possible effects of participating in this research project have been explained to my satisfaction.
5. In this project, I will be required to complete an online survey. In the survey, I will be required to solve a programming problem. I will be provided with a code snippet generated by the AI code generation system. I will be allowed to integrate this code snippet into my own code snippet.
6. I understand that my participation is voluntary and that I am free to withdraw from this project anytime without explanation or prejudice and to withdraw any unprocessed data that I have provided.
7. I understand that the data from this research will be stored at the University of XXXX (modified for anonymity) and will be destroyed 5 years after publication.
8. I have been informed that the confidentiality of the information I provide will be safeguarded subject to any legal requirements; my personal information will not be accessible to the researchers; my response to the survey will be password-protected and accessible only by the named researchers.
9. I understand that by choosing the option “Yes, I agree to participate in this study” in the online survey, I agree with all the statements above.

(modified for anonymity)
**Responsible Researcher:** Mr. XXX1

Tel: 12345 Email: XXX1@com

**Additional Researchers:**

Dr. XXX2, Supervisor, Email: XXX2@com

Prof. XXX3, Co-Supervisor, Email: XXX3@com

For more information, please refer to the plain language statement (link_for_plain_language_statement_masked_for_anonymity).

I have read the above information. I understand the study/activity and agree to participate.
